OK so now what we need do we need to call this function of filter news from the the child component
the header.
OK.
So in the previous lecture we made this function available through prompts.
So what we can do right here we can call this function directly since we have it inside prompts we just
can call it.
OK.
So how do we call.
We hope we do this.
And we called prompts and we're entering inside prompts right here.
And the function is going to be called whenever we passed as yet as a prop. And here is going to be
news search such as going to competence and paste it here.
OK.
So we're going to call you're calling this function right now.
Now this new search takes a negative argument here it takes to keywords whatever we are typing right
here as an argument.
OK.
So we have the event target that value inside this function.
So we are going to pass whatever we are typing right here.
We can do it with the state but I'm just going to pass the target.
OK.
So if I just reload the application again and go to the console and type iOS 6 for example.
OK that's fine.
I'm getting ESX.
I'm just canceling lock the keyboards inside the function so we're good.
We are on the good track.
We are calling the new search and passing the arguments.
Let's get some now inside the filtered news.
We need to start filtering the news.
I'm just going to delete this one second.
OK.
So I'm going to create a viable and we using iOS 6.
I'm going to use Isak's filter the filter helper.
So I'm going to say I'm going to create a viral that's going to be filtered.
Just just something simple filter.
OK.
So we need to grab the state of news the state of news contains all the all the entrances all the news
of the application.
So I need to loop this.
This state didn't use state and not the filcher of course.
So I'm going to say this that state does news and then just call the helper Filcher.
OK.
This filter is going to take an item as an argument it's going to be each item on the loop on each loop
and then it's just going to run a function.
Now the filtered helper it's a helper that we can use to filter arrays or collections of data.
So it needs to always return something always returned.
We never use Filcher you just remember to use return.
And this is not react.
This is iOS 6 of course.
OK.
So what we need to do is we need to access each item OK on each loop.
So we need to check the title which is going to be its title on each news and we are going to do something
simple and nothing fancy.
I'm going to say in the case of just the index off we know this is vanilla dance.
So the index of is going to check if on the title on this all this string contains a wart like keyboards.
OK.
So I'm going to pass key keywords as an argument.
And if it's greater than mine as one which is which means that it's true we're going to just return
that cell and just cancel Lague the filter so we can make sure that it's filtering correctly it's going
to reload the page.
All right.
One second.
So I'm going to type E as 6.
Ok that's fine.
So we get first all the objects with the letter E as in the title and then just some.
And the final result is going to be just one entry.
So we are filtering correctly.
We have six upgrade available.
So it's working.
Now what we need to do now that just close is we need to since we have our filtered list we need to
pass this filtered to the state.
We do have this filtered and set it as a state instead of Jason we can set this filter which is one
entry to the Filcher state.
How do we set state to remember.
We can do this in reference to this component and then we set set state.
All right.
And then just open close.
That's good.
OK.
Right here instead of I'm going to show you one thing first we're going to call the filtered state filter
red.
OK.
Cut and paste just to avoid mistakes.
And this filtered state is going to be equal to this version of all this filter.
OK.
And let me just reload the page a co-op.
So if I type E6 is going to go right here to this function is going to Filcher and find inside the news
stayed with all the news is going to find the ones in-house and have iOS 6.
And then it's going to set the stage for Filcher which is the results just going to type in iOS 6.
It's filtering is just showing one result.
Remember right here we're just choosing to show the filtered instead of all the news.
So it's working.
I'm going to show you some.
Some yes it's magic.
Whenever you have an object and you have a key value pair with the same name.
OK.
In this case is key filtered and value filter.
You just can delete the second one.
And just leave one in six is going to know that the key is this has the same name for the value.
OK.
This is still going to work if I type ESX ESX it's going to find the first entry right here if I type
iOS 6 in capitals is going to work.
But if I do it in lower case it's not going to work.
We didn't create a rule here to convert everything to lowercase.
The Jason and the and whatever we are typing right here.
So now just to save time.
So OK.
So it's working.
Let's go to the next section.
We're going to do a tiny conclusion of these very basic part of react and then we're just going to move
forward.